Clarify on not cancelling executor in MTC tutorial (#1105) (#1106)
moveit/moveit2_tutorials: doc/tutorials/pick_and_place_with_moveit_task_constructor/pick_and_place_with_moveit_task_constructor.rst

      return task;
    }

Finally, we have ``main``: the following lines create a node using the class defined above, and calls the class methods to set up and execute a basic MTC task. 

> In this example, we do not cancel the executor once the task has finished executing to keep the program running to inspect the solutions in RViz. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we do not cancel the executor once the task has finished executing to keep the program running and thus to allow inspection of the solutions in RViz. 
```

Note that it's the internal executor and node inside ``task_.introspection()`` that responds to RViz's introspect request when you click on the solutions in Task Tree, in RViz. 

> The sole purpose of not cancelling the executor is simply, not letting the program to quit until you CTRL-C on it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that RViz only lazily caches submitted solutions. If you click on not yet viewed solutions in RViz' MTC Task Tree, RViz requests the solution information from the planning program. (Actually, it's the executor and node owned by the task's `Introspection` instance that respond to those requests.)
Thus, by keeping the program alive, one can inspect all solution in peace. The program will quit if you CTRL-C it. 
```

Author: Oh it looks good and cleaner to me.
